# Kindle Email Sender
This script can be utilised to send your MOBI files generated by Calibre to your Kindle email. It is currently only tested using a Gmail account, but it should work for all email servers that are SMTP enabled. 

## Getting Started
There are three main sections of the script: Login Details, Email Details, and Email Sending sections. Do amend the first two sections only unless you are confident on editing the third section. There is no requirement to download additional libraries to run the script.

## Login Details
Insert your email username for the user variable. In terms of the password, I have utilised the getpass library in order to mask the password to type into the command line. You can choose to disable the getpass portion (but this will reveal your password in client-side). This is especially pertinent if you set up two-factor authentication in Gmail, explained below.

### Two Factor Authentication Workaround
Google places special emphasis on security, and you would not be able to log in to your SMTP enabled Gmail account using your conventional password. You will need to go to the security options in your Google settings and therefore generate an 'App Password' for this script. I recommend to select 'custom' application in the app password page and give a unique name for the app password that you generate. You can thereafter utilise the App Password for the 'password' variable in the script without fear of compromising your main password (and you can delete the getpass portion of the script).

## Email Details
Put in your Kindle email for the 'To' variable. Make sure your MOBI file is in the same folder as your script, and rename the 'filename' variable to the same as that of your MOBI file. 